update installation documentation (#1379)
matrix-org/matrix-authentication-service: docs/usage/configuration.md

Note that with Docker, the config file must be mounted inside the container with `-v/--volume`.

Update the database URI in `config.yaml` to your database,
e.g. `postgresql://postgres:postgres@localhost/postgres`

> See also the next paragraph for a [minimum configuration ](#minimal-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See also the next section for a [minimal configuration](#minimal-configuration)
```

```yaml
http:

>   listeners:

Reviewer: This section could use more comments, but I'll leave it like that for now
